It's a truly momentous victory.
For those now joining us.
seven alien ships have been successfully
shot down by the World Defense Coalition.
As of yet. there has been no response
from the alien invaders.
nor any retaliation from the mothership.
But sources indicate that coalition forces
are optimistic
we may have dealt a critical blow.
WDC President Benya Mabote has reportedly
ordered military units to the crash sites...
SECURE WARD
You're missing the big day. Caspar.
Why don't you
wake up and join the fun. hmm?
Who's to say he's not having fun?
We know so little about this one.
Seems a shame to assume anything.
From his brain activity. Gabriel.
we can assume
he's been experiencing
on average seven seizures every hour.
Not exactly a party.
Fair enough.
So much research on these kids
and their connection to our visitors.
Hoping to find a key.
Maybe after today. we won't need one.
Speaking of.
a few of us were going to open a bottle
later this evening.
A little victory celebration.
Care to join?
Victory.
The most important skill
a neurologist can learn. Esmee.
is knowing when to turn their brain off.
Especially
when a patient is beyond saving.
Please wake up. Caspar.
Broken.
Home.
Soon.
They're finished. it's over!
Just the person who needs to see this.
A moment. Prisha.
I was on a walk to clear my head.
and a few blocks from here. saw this.
It's happening all over.
They're dying. Esmee.
We did it.
Doctor... Doctor. please.
I can't understand you...
The line is breaking up.
can you say that again?
It's Saint-Louis Hospital.
Something's wrong.
Hello. this is Dr. Gagneux.
they all appear to be victims
of some kind of attack.
We're overwhelmed.
we need someone to take...
We're overwhelmed. we need someone...
Doctor. are you there?
EMERGENCY
Gently. gently. Breathe.
What did this to you?
Forget me. Get everyone... to safety...
I need help over here!
They're coming...
and they're worse...
Wajo. Wajo. Wajo...
Everyone. listen to me...
Take the children with you and go!
Gather all the essential research.
everything you can.
Quickly!
Esmee. what's going on?
They're not dead. Gabriel.
They're coming back.
And they're worse.
Get everything you can and go!
This is not a test.
Sarah. grab my files.
Esmee...
In his condition. we can't possibly...
I know.
We'd do more harm than good.
I said I know. Go help the others.
And Gabriel?
Tell the guards out there
to protect this boy at all costs.
You're a survivor. Caspar.
Survive.
Hey!
Someone's in the tunnel!
Hey! Someone's in there!
What are you talking about?
It sounds like children. sir.
I need six men. now!
Clear the barricade!
Ready the charges!
On my signal!
Three... Two... One!
All clear!
We need to take him.